README.md, before:

# CIS 209 – Spring 2026 – Solo Project  
## Studio 22 | NYC

---

## Business Description

**Studio 22 | SoHo, New York City**

Studio 22 | NYC is a modern Pilates and movement studio located in the heart of SoHo. Designed to cultivate strength, balance, and community, Studio 22 offers reformer-based classes, heated mat sessions, and sculpt-focused workouts tailored to a range of experience levels.

With an elevated athleisure aesthetic and a calming, minimalist atmosphere, the studio blends functional fitness with intentional design. Studio 22 is more than a workout space — it’s a welcoming environment where members build confidence, improve mobility, and connect through movement.

From structured memberships to flexible drop-in classes, the studio provides accessible options for individuals seeking a supportive and energizing fitness experience.

---

## Wireframe

### Aesthetic Mission
To design a visually calming, modern Pilates website with an elevated athleisure vibe, featuring clean layouts, soothing neutral tones, generous white space, and intuitive navigation.

<img width="1199" height="714" alt="STUDIO 22  NYC" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cb00a58f-81f0-4371-880b-83ae87385693" />
---

## System Requirements

- [ ] Implement all provided studio imagery
- [ ] Maintain established neutral color palette (beige, soft browns, modern grayscale)
- [ ] Use specified typography pairing (modern serif + clean sans-serif)
- [ ] Ensure responsive design (desktop, tablet, mobile)
- [ ] Maintain consistent CTA buttons
- [ ] Follow wireframe layout structure
- [ ] Include accessible alt text for images

---

## Technical Mission

To create a responsive, user-friendly website that showcases Studio 22’s classes and memberships seamlessly across all devices.

Commit message:

Revise technical mission to technical requirements
Updated project requirements and clarified mission statement.

README.md, after:

# CIS 209 – Spring 2026 – Solo Project  
## Studio 22 | NYC

---

## Business Description

**Studio 22 | SoHo, New York City**

Studio 22 | NYC is a modern Pilates and movement studio located in the heart of SoHo. Designed to cultivate strength, balance, and community, Studio 22 offers reformer-based classes, heated mat sessions, and sculpt-focused workouts tailored to a range of experience levels.

With an elevated athleisure aesthetic and a calming, minimalist atmosphere, the studio blends functional fitness with intentional design. Studio 22 is more than a workout space — it’s a welcoming environment where members build confidence, improve mobility, and connect through movement.

From structured memberships to flexible drop-in classes, the studio provides accessible options for individuals seeking a supportive and energizing fitness experience.

---

## Wireframe

### Aesthetic Mission
To design a visually calming, modern Pilates website with an elevated athleisure vibe, featuring clean layouts, soothing neutral tones, generous white space, and intuitive navigation.

<img width="1199" height="714" alt="STUDIO 22  NYC" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cb00a58f-81f0-4371-880b-83ae87385693" />
---

## System Requirements

- [ ] Implement all provided studio imagery
- [ ] Maintain established neutral color palette (beige, soft browns, modern grayscale)
- [ ] Use specified typography pairing (modern serif + clean sans-serif)
- [ ] Ensure responsive design (desktop, tablet, mobile)
- [ ] Maintain consistent CTA buttons
- [ ] Follow wireframe layout structure
- [ ] Include accessible alt text for images

---

## Technical Requirements 
- [ ] This project will be created by using HTML, CSS, Java Script
- [ ] Host: Github Pages (link)
- [ ] External technologies/framework: Canva 
- [ ] No external API's will be required
